clean: Focus introduction on generic capabilities PLUTO-368 (#1666)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-people.md

# Managing people

> Members of an organization can access the Codacy app to see the dashboards and details of the organization repositories. Depending on their permissions on the Git provider, members can also manage the organization and repositories settings on Codacy.

Reviewer: Suggestions to:

* Make it more explicit what organization we're referring to (I think it's always a bit confusing whether we're referring to the organization on the Git provider or on Codacy :sweat_smile:)
* Fix a small typo

```suggestion
Members of a Codacy organization can access the Codacy app to see the dashboards and details of the organization repositories. Depending on their permissions on the Git provider, members can also manage the organization and repository settings on Codacy.
```

> Codacy only analyzes commits to **private repositories** from members of the corresponding organization on Codacy.

Author: @jorgebraz Yep, that's true. I created PR #1678 to handle this, as this one was already merged. 👍

!!! important

>     -   Make sure that you invite or ask your team members to join your organization on Codacy so that Codacy analyzes their commits to private repositories.

Author: Not sure also... I understand that the information in this sentence is **almost** redundant with the first item of the **important** admonition.
However, I still think that it makes sense to keep it outside the admonition, as it describes a basic requirement for Codacy good function (code analysis). While the items inside the admonition are more like "Don't forget that...".

Does this make any sense? 😆

>     -   Make sure that you invite or ask your team members to join your organization on Codacy so that Codacy analyzes their commits to private repositories.

Reviewer: Yes, that was exactly the rationale that I followed when I first authored this part of the page. :+1: :heavy_check_mark:
